Please create transaction tables for the Job Requisition creation screen by referring the JR form pages( including all steps, different scenarios such as work arrangement, job type, billable,Onsite Work Mode fields) so that the app handles the CRUD operations. Also if needed, add foreign key constraints, indexes etc in the JR trans table/tables by checking the various controls in each step. The main table of JR page should contain 2 additional fields named "RecruiterLead" ,"RecruiterPOC" which will be used in future.
 
There should be a field named "JR_Status" in the main JR table for storing various statuses of each JR. When user clicks "Save & Continue" button in each step, the JR data entered in that step should be saved into the underlying DB table without checking any validations (eg:mandatory field) and "JR_Status" field in the main JR table should be updated with the value "Draft".  When the user navigates through various steps using "Next" and "Previous" buttons, the data entered in each step of the JR page should be preserved. Please note that the "Save & Continue" button is available in each step of the JR page and on clicking this button, the app should take care that there should be only one JR entry even if we clicked the "Save & Continue" buttons multiple times while we navigate through the various steps.
 
Only when the user clicks the "Submit Requisition" button, the validations should fire. The validations needs to be checked will be shared later. When user clicks the "Submit Requisition" button, the "JR_Status" field in the main JR table should be updated based on the below conditions:
 
When the user clicks the "Submit Requisition" button, the app should check whether the submitter is Hiring Manager(HM) or DU Head by checking the field denoting "Hiring Manager" in "Basic Details" step. From the master table "User", we can find out whether the submitter is Hiring Manager(HM) or DU Head.
 
If the submitter is Hiring Manager, the "JR_Status" in the main JR table should be updated with the value "Pending DU Head Approval". If the submitter is DU Head, the "JR_Status" should be updated with "Pending CDO Approval". 